Metafakaz

With the appearance of the internet, it was a huge shift in the way we think about our privacy, personal data or even business models.
Nowadays, we are being exposed more than ever and the majority of the daily internet users are not even aware of.
The worst part of this that big tech giants are handling and trade our "identity" on a daily basis profiting huge amount of money in the process.

With the help of web3 and DID(Decentralised Identifiers) we can make a difference.
But to reach our goal and achieve awareness, we need to educate everyone from a Tik-Tok user to our grandma who search for cookie recepies on the web.

Because we are too lazy to read "Terms and Conditions" the big tech companies(Meta, Google, etc.) owns information about us.
It is a multi billoin industry and it's a shame that most of the users are not even care about earning a passive or non-passive well deserved income.

A price on an average person's data is somewhere about 0.0005$ and companies sell these data for 2$. 
The margin is enormous and we are talking about only ONE TRANSACTION! The daily transaction amount estimated around 500-550. That adds up for a 30.000$/person/month.
Crazy numbers but what if we say, that you can own your data with well prooven protocols/technology and keep a decent percent(or all) from selling it.

That is where KILT comes in the picture.

KILT provides a protocol and the tools for people to manage their own data, and to build a digital identity by collecting credentials issued by trusted entities.
A KILT decentralized identifier (DID) is a string of letters and numbers uniquely identifying each KILT user.
You can choose between a "light" or a "full" version. For the light version you do not even need any internet connection, but still can handle low-security use cases.
With the "full DID" you can manage multiple keys and also replace them with the support of the KILT blockchain.

Web3 names are another feature on KILT. In short, web3names are user-friendly aliases for KILT DIDs and this is what we exactly need.
Also, beyond linking a web3 name, KILT allows to link multiple accounts to a single DID and they can reference to any chain in the Dotsama ecosystem.

Let's take Kusamaverse for example. 
We can put an identity layer around several projects and users can create a simple wallet called Sporran, to store credentials and own their personal data, which they can later sell or share to big companies, or whoever they like.

Your data under your control!
 